# DASHER BANKING COALITION
---
The expressed purpose of this coalition is to allow DoorDash Dashers to
sign up for and communicate with each other, vote on, and decide which
banks that they are able to use (which should be any bank they want) in
order to immediately have access to their pay.

If you are paid money and you use the Crimson DoorDash bank, you are
subected to the whims of the bank and the agreement that DoorDash and
Starion Bank have with each other which puts DoorDash inbetween you and
your US bank account and subsequent funds. This is wrong, immoral, and
should be against the law!

This coalition seeks to bring together Dashers so that they may be paid
without reprisal and given TRUE FDIC Insured bank accounts that they
have access to and meaningful customer support. Currently, as we last
spoke with the Customer Support line which is outsourced, we were given
information that Pfizer actually controls the customer support for
Starion Bank in North Dakota. Next to no information was provided and no
account actions can be taken regarding the use of the associated Crimson
DoorDash debit card which is made available ONLY in the Dasher
application and no other means of bank account control or administration
are provided.

We come together to seek an equitable solution for immediate pay via
DoorDash. Join us in this journey as hard working Dashers stand up to a
system that is designed to profit off of our funds instead of provide us
with clear and open access to our pay!
